Great.
So welcome to this lecture where I'm going to show you how you can find out what are the back killings
that are putting your competitors at the top of the search results so that you can really then replicate
thereby killings.
And so you can really rank above them and put yourself at the top of the search.
So to keep this process off we want to do is simply type our keyword into Google and this will show
the top ranking pages and what we really want to do now is find the links that are putting those pages
to the top of the search results sort of find out the links for each of these different web pages what
we can use is the Mars Bar Chrome extension.
If you haven't done so already you can type that into Google Chrome if you remember we looked at this
too before in the keyword research section of the course when we were really trying to assess the key
word competitiveness.
But now we want to use it again and really look at it in terms of links.
I've already got it installed and you can see I clicked on the button there to make this toolbar appear
.
And what she can see are the links here under each of the web pages.
And this is really what we want to have a look at now.
So here is the top 10 results and we can see all the links for them there.
Let's start looking at the individual links I'm going to skip over Mashable because that's kind of a
content news site.
I want to look at a site that's actually selling drones.
And look at the links that they're using to get themselves to the top of the search results.
So when you click on that link then you'll open up what's called the site explore.
And while we really want to do is put in some of these filters in place to make sure that we're only
looking at links that come from external sources not page not links just from other pages within the
Web site.
And also we don't want to look at just all of the links.
One look at only follow links if you remember from the last section we learn that follow links are the
ones that really have the CEO power.
No follow links such as links that are on social media.
No as CEO powers is passed through them.
So in terms of us here we want to look at only follow links if you want to direct traffic to your site
.
You could maybe look at all of these links and get the benefit of that.
We have this list of bottlings what we want to do is start having a look at them see the context in
which these backlogs are being earned.
And ask ourselves really is this something that we could replicate in order to create content or these
links or cells so let's have a look at this link here.
What you might want to notice before you open the page is the anchor text so he can see that the link
on this page is contained in the words under $300 for this particular one it'll be my first drone dot
com.
So let's have a look to find these quickly.
Probably the best way is to control F and just type in the text that you see there and you can see that
this is the link that is contained there.
So this article I guess is a general article that bag drones and some of the risks in terms of you know
people flying them.
That's quite a topical issue No.
And Bik Let's see this piece of content was referenced in it a citation by clink.
This is the best drones for sale and why that this my first turn has created so potentially this is
a type of piece of content that you could create.
And there's proof that this is getting a lot of bottlings from some big hitters and some big authority
sites.
So you don't only want to look at the banking profile for one of the search results you want to have
a look at really all of them.
And so essentially what you do is you moved in the search results page.
We'll take the URL your Parfit into this tool again and you'll go through the same process again then
looking at how were they earning these links what type of sites are they coming from.
What is the context.
What is the type of content etc. that's going to give you a lot of understanding about the marketplace
and how these things are really being are and so you can replicate them for yourself.
So just to recap what you've learnt in this lecture is really a process to find the bottlings for all
of the top ranking sites for your particular keyword.
This is a fantastic place to really start.
Your link building building strategy from because you know what works you know what puts people at the
top of the search results and then you can really once you've analyzed that go off and replicate that
and soon you'll be at the top of search results as well.